Go Baluyot & Adion Law Office is a general professional partnership organized and existing under the laws of the Philippines, registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission by esteemed Tarlac based lawyers, Atty. Roberto E. Go, Atty. Jose Marie M. Baluyot, and Atty. Noel S. Adion.


The firm is a full-service law office that engages in general legal practice with extensive expertise in all aspects of litigation, labor, intellectual property, real estate, civil disputes, and taxation. It also offers notarial services, retainer agreements, and other legal requirements of clients.


GBA understands that legal challenges can be complex and stressful. Its mission is to simplify the process by providing clear, concise, and sound legal advice and advocating vigorously the clients’ interests. Whether it be a personal dispute, a business transaction, or a complex legal matter, the firm is here to provide legal assistance step of the way with utmost dedication, transparency, and competence.

ABOUT US
Go Baluyot & Adion Law Office is founded by Tarlac based lawyers, Atty. Roberto E. Go, Atty. Jose Marie M. Baluyot, and Atty. Noel S. Adion. The partners are graduates of prestigious universities in Manila. Atty. Roberto E. Go and Atty. Jose Marie M. Baluyot gained their individual professional experiences in respected law offices in Makati before deciding to transfer their practice to their hometown. Meanwhile, Atty. Noel S. Adion has worked for the government where he served as the Chief Legal of DAR Region 3 and later, as Associate Provincial Prosecutor for the Province of Tarlac, before joining the firm.

GBA is one of the highly acclaimed law offices in the region that serves the needs of diverse clients in various industries and interest areas. Established in 2016, the firm quickly grew to become one of the largest laws firms in Tarlac, with 10 lawyers in its rosters and counting. It is a leading full-service law firm with qualified lawyers from all areas of legal practice and seasoned practitioners in specialized fields of law. It also offers notarial services, retainer agreements, and other legal requirements of clients.

HISTORY
GBA takes great pride in its legacy of excellence, integrity, and steadfast commitment to its clients. With a rich history of delivering critical and exceptional legal services, the firm is firmly rooted in a tradition of trust, expertise, and active community involvement.

What began as a collaborative partnership between Atty. Go and Atty. Baluyot has evolved into a distinguished team of at least 10 attorneys in its roster. In 2019, Atty. Adion joined the founding partners, thereby strengthening the firm's competence in the field of criminal litigation and defense, as well as agrarian law. As GBA's reputation for legal excellence grew, so too did its team, attracting accomplished lawyers and professionals who helped broaden the firm's practice areas.

From its inception, GBA has remained committed to cultivating strong, enduring relationships with its clients, ensuring that each individual or entity receives the attention, care, and dedication they rightfully deserve.

